docs: adds documentation for high availability (#7696)
confluentinc/ksql: docs/reference/server-configuration.md

and
[CACHE_MAX_BYTES_BUFFERING_CONFIG](https://docs.confluent.io/{{ site.ksqldbversion }}/streams/javadocs/org/apache/kafka/streams/StreamsConfig.html#CACHE_MAX_BYTES_BUFFERING_CONFIG).

## `ksql.streams.num.standby.replicas`

> The number of standby replicas. Standby replicas are shadow copies of tables. ksqlDB, through Kafka Streams, attempts to create the specified number of replicas and keep them up to date as long as there are enough instances running. Standby replicas are used to minimize the latency of failover. A table that was previously hosted on a failed instance is preferred to restart on an instance that has standby replicas so that the local state store restoration process from its changelog can be minimized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of standby replicas. Standby replicas are shadow copies of tables. ksqlDB, through {{ site.kstreams }}, attempts to create the specified number of replicas and keep them up to date as long as there are enough instances running. Standby replicas are used to minimize the latency of failover. A table that was previously hosted on a failed instance is preferred to restart on an instance that has standby replicas so that the local state store restoration process from its changelog can be minimized.
```

> The number of standby replicas. Standby replicas are shadow copies of tables. ksqlDB, through {{ site.kstreams }}, attempts to create the specified number of replicas and keep them up to date as long as there are enough instances running. Standby replicas are used to minimize the latency of failover. A table that was previously hosted on a failed instance is preferred to restart on an instance that has standby replicas so that the local state store restoration process from its changelog can be minimized.

Reviewer 2: Not sure how to link back to the "High availability" section...

```suggestion
Sets the number of hot-standby replicas of internal state to maintain. If a server fails and a standby replica is present, the standby will be able to immediately take over active processing for any of the failed server's tasks. Additionally, if [High Availability](../operate-and-deploy/high-availability) is enabled, and a server is offline, pull queries for its tasks can fail over to the standby replicas.

Therefore, configuring standbys enables you to minimize the recovery time for both stream processing and pull queries in the event of a failure. Note that, regardless of the configuration value, ksqlDB can only provision one replica on each server, so you need at least two servers in the cluster to provision an active replica and a standby replica, for example.
```
